picked up a lot of knives this weekend
when I was at the yard sales and flea
markets and if you're out there picking
you need to be looking for knives that
doesn't mean rush out and buy just any
old knife it comes along just like
anything else with picking you have to
get yourself a little bit of education
for instance this knife here great
looking knife it looks like an expensive
knife some might even think it's old but
it's marked stainless Pakistan and it's
pretty much junk well it might not be
junk but nobody's going to buy it or
give you much for this on the other hand
both very good name and this has the
added specialty of switchblade really
adds to the price there's cheap switch
blades out there too
so you gotta learn what the difference
is I guess it's pretty much like
everything else out there there's a
learning curve you have to after you
after you deal with something for a
while you start to know what's good
what's bad learn to see it's about the
quality there's a lot of jump knives out
there these made in Japan now they look
nice and all but you can't really get a
whole lot for them this one here doesn't
look like much but
it's a Schrade which is a good name
these medieval Conan eat innermark
Germany which will help them sell
Leatherman good name case anything case
this good name
Uncle Henry by trade it's pretty good
and not panics once again if you don't
rush out and just buy any bayonet you
see at a table you got a kind of get a
bit of an education for instance my
sister was out at a yard sale and she
said yeah I saw this this bayonet cut
the guy wanted 15 dollars for and I
didn't buy it and I said would it look
like she said well I had a black handle
and a green green cover thing she I
think she said it didn't I said when was
probably a u.s. one this one here is a
m7 free m16 or air 15 that's at least
$30 right there probably closer to 40
it's in good shape over here got a nice
Swedish bayonet value that's about Oh 50
$60 the Dean come across something like
this Turkish bayonet from World War one
and it looks nice and old but not much
demand out here for these things at a
flea market you'd be lucky to get like
$25 for this
this one here Spanish only goes for
about 20-25 dollars
this one is for a foul
I've seen people called these Civil War
bayonets
deadly braying 15 ake a bayonet now this
one has all the leather and all so I've
seen these go for like 40 bucks like
this but if it's just a plain take a
bayonet
you know you might only be looking at 10
or 15 so you need you need to get
education but you definitely need to
learn about knives if you're out there
picking looking to make some money
because nog sell really good I've made a
lot of money on knives over the years
and it's something you should look into
like I said with anything you need to
educate yourself sound like that
Leatherman do a search on eBay do a
complete adoption search looking to see
what stuff there's four learn what the
names look for I discovered a few years
many many more and it'd be worth your
while to learn a few things about knives